docs: gauge chart (#48269)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/sharing/visualizations/progress-bar.md

- A query that returns a single number, like "Sum of order quantity". Progress bar doesn't work with breakouts.

>   You can also use a query that returns several metrics in a single row:

Author: Realized that this also applies to progress - this is actually the more common format of results, I think

Reviewer: Good catch.

  | Sum of Quantity | Average Quantity | Max Quantity |
  | --------------- | ---------------- | ------------ |
  | 4910            | 17.32            | 173          |

>   In this case only the metric in the first column will be used for the progress bar chart. To change which number is used for the bar, rearrange the metrics (for example, by dragging them in the Summarize block in the query builder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In this case, the progress bar chart will use the metric in the first column ("Sum of quantity"). To change the metric, go to the editor and drag the metric you want to the first position in the Summarize block.
```
Same edit as above.
